I am telling the story of Sylvia Castleman. I should prefer to
tell it without mention of myself; but it was written in the book of
fate that I should be a decisive factor in her life, and so her
story pre-supposes mine. I imagine the impatience of a reader, who
is promised a heroine out of a romantic and picturesque "society"
world, and finds himself beginning with the autobiography of a
farmer's wife on a solitary homestead in Manitoba. But then I
remember that Sylvia found me interesting. Putting myself in her
place, remembering her eager questions and her exclamations, I am
able to see myself as a heroine of fiction. 

I was to Sylvia a new and miraculous thing, a self-made woman. I
must have been the first "common" person she had ever known
intimately. She had seen us afar off, and wondered vaguely about us,
consoling herself with the reflection that we probably did not know
enough to be unhappy over our sad lot in life. But here I was,
actually a soul like herself; and it happened that I knew more than
she did, and of things she desperately needed to know. So all the
luxury, power and prestige that had been given to Sylvia Castleman
seemed as nothing beside Mary Abbott, with her modern attitude and
her common-sense. 

My girlhood was spent upon a farm in Iowa. My father had eight
children, and he drank. Sometimes he struck me; and so it came about
that at the age of seventeen I ran away with a boy of twenty who
worked upon a neighbour's farm. I wanted a home of my own, and Tom
had some money saved up. We journeyed to Manitoba, and took out a
homestead, where I spent the next twenty years of my life in a
hand-to-hand struggle with Nature which seemed simply incredible to
Sylvia when I told her of it. 
